About the Order Total Shipping Module
-------------------------------------

This module will calculate shipping charges based upon the total amount of
product purchased, before discounts and taxes are applied. This module
will initialize all required database tables itself, and provides a
browser based administration interface.

Using the OTShipping Module
---------------------------

After choosing this module to handle shipping for a store, you should
enter that store's administration interface, and choose "Shipping
Administration". If this is the first time you are using this module, or
any shipping module, you will note a message indicating that the module
needs to be initialized. By selecting the link that is provided, the
module will create any shipping tables nessecary for proper operation. If
you have used a different shipping module previously, your shipping types
will be retained. 

Please note that you must have CREATE and DROP permissions for the store
database when you initialize the shipping module. These permissions are
only needed at the time of initialization and may be removed once the
tables are set up.

In order for this module to calculate shipping properly, you must add at
least one shipping type, and then add one or more shipping rules to that
type. A shipping rule consists of 3 numbers. The "Charge" is the
shipping charge that will be applied to the order if the rule matches. The
other two numbers, "From $" and "To $" are the low and high boundaries of
the order total. 

For example, if you specify a "Charge" value of 5.00, a "From $" value of
0.00 and "To $" value of 9.99, any order between 0.00 and 9.99 will be
charged 5.00 shipping. If you specify overlapping values for "To $" and
"From $" (which is not recommended for obvious reasons), the first
matching rule in the list will determine the shipping charge. 

OTShipping Tags
---------------

These tags work within the <checkout></checkout> container.

<allshippingtypes> displays a set of radiobuttons that allows selection of
  shipping. Charges for selecting that shipping type are displayed as
  well. Use this tag in a page following shipping and billing address
  collection.

<addshipping> adds the shipping lineitem to the session in preparation for
  checkout confirmation. Place this tag on the page following
  allshippingtypes. 

<shippingtype> displays a text string describing the shipping type
  selected for the current order.

<shipping> displays the charge for shipping to be added to the order.

Examples of tag usage can be found in the examples/checkout directory.


26 April 1998
Bill Welliver <hww3@riverweb.com>
